>> Jen Kramer: I wanted to show
you some amazing stuff that
those of you who have been working
on online through our lunch break.
So this is Corinne here and Corinne has
done a really cool thing with her article.
So notice that she
rounded the corners here.
That's actually something
I didn't mention.
It's in the notes.
She's rounded the corners
of a picture here of St.
Nicolas Cage down here
a little bit further.
She's got a cool thing
with her quote here.
Look at that she turned it into a pill.
This is done with rounded corners also.
So I'll show you that trick
here in just a second.
And then we have crazy Nicolas
down there on the bottom.
So, she's doing some fun things
here with borders and margin and
floats and so forth.
So well done Corrine, very nice.
And we have Brandon here, and
Brandon has been working on
his book chapter, and
he has some cool effects here too.
So first of all, notice that what
Brandon's done over here on the side.
He's actually put in a navbar,
how cool is that?
So he's actually putting together
a website about some of the pages
that he's been making here in class,
and he's got a little navbar over here.
And he's been styling some stuff here too.
Take a look at this,
pull quote right here.
Now look what he did.
We have a fat line here
on the left side and
then something thinner
all the way around it.
How might we go about doing that?
First of all what property did we
use in order to put that there?
>> off screen: Border.
>> Jen Kramer: Border, right?
And then, so that's gonna put a line
on all four sides, and then what?
Yeah?
>> off screen: Border weight.
>> Jen Kramer: There is no border weight.
>> off screen: Radius.
>> Jen Kramer: [INAUDIBLE] left.
>> off screen: The left border
then we gonna make it what?
>> Jen Kramer: Five pixels.
>> off screen: Pixels or something.
>> Jen Kramer: It's like five pixels or
something right,
even though the others are one.
On the left side we're gonna make its
width something more like five pixels
instead of one pixel, right?
And that's the way you would come
up with that sort of effect.
Brandon didn't actually have to
put that border on all four sides.
He could have just put in the left border,
right?
Correct, a left border, correct?
That would have been a little bit
that would have been nice also.
This nice fat left border,
kind of a cool sort of looking effect.
Alright?
So he's got a nice picture
of a camera down here.
And he's used that same styling
consistently through here which really
ties things together very
nicely visually doesn't it?